---
layout: news_item
title: "News 1.0.0"
date: "1 June 2015"
author: stefan-enev
version: 1.0.0
categories: [release]
---

## Feature list

* Extraction of named entities (NE) such as People, Locations and Organisations, and the relations between them as well as keyphrases. Confidence scores provided for NE and keyphrases as disambiguated by a classifier. Classifiers use statistical models trained with supervised machine learning. Relevance scores are available for all but relations, and provide insight to how relevant something is to the message of the article.
* Full text, concept, facet and hybrid (a combination of FTS and concept) searches. Powered by GraphDB and Solr via the GraphDB Solr Connector.
* Recommendations based on contextual similarity. Powered by the concept extraction and the GraphDB Solr Connector.
* Browsing of concepts available in the database. Powered by Spring Data Semantic.
* GraphDB dataset powered by DBPedia 3.9 and Freebase.
* Analytics suggesting the top concepts for the article as well as a time-trend estimation chart based on their presence in the news. Powered by GraphDB searches.

## Component versions

* GraphDB 6.1-clusterconnectors-2
* GraphDB Solr Connector 3.1.1
* GraphDB EUF plug-in 2.0.1
* xgapp (concept extraction pipeline) 3.0.1
* concept-api 2.1.1
* content-processor 1.0.0
* content-api 3.1.0
* search-api 1.0.0
* rss-feeder 3.1.0
* recommendations-api 1.3.0
* Concept Extraction Service (CES) 1.3.1
* NOW UI 1.0.0
* Cassandra 2.1.0
* Solr 4.7
